doc: Pulsar sink connector (#5002)
kurrent-io/EventStore: docs/server/features/connectors/sinks/pulsar.md

---
title: 'Pulsar Sink'
---

<Badge type="info" vertical="middle" text="License Required"/>

## Overview

> The Apache Pulsar Sink connector writes events from your service to a specified Pulsar topic. It supports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apache Pulsar S your service to a specified Pulsar topic. It supports:
```
